hello everybody its fishing with Joe
seminar time saturday march eight at
two-thirty p.m. that's the big day in
the exact time when you need to be at
our at our bait and tackle it's when
it's all going to happen let me lay it
out for you what you're going to see at
the seminar first of all I've got some
made for TV shows that i will be showing
to you show's done right here in Ohio
public water wings and what I will do is
after I show you the big ones on the big
screen I will tell you the exact spots
where I cotton that way you can go to
those exact spots and try to catch those
fish too when you look at the videos
you'll be able to go to those spots I'll
tell you about them and you look all
around you'll see that you're standing
in the same exact spot where i was when
i caught those finish now after I'm done
speaking Nick rodabaugh from the Ohio
Division of Wildlife he is a fisheries
biologist but not just any fisheries
biologist he is the fisheries biologist
who shocks the fish he does the surveys
ways the fish measures them and collects
the data nick is going to do a
PowerPoint presentation of the data that
he is collected from Central Ohio water
wings and he is going to go over the
best spots to fish in central Ohio for a
whole bunch of different species of fish
all right so you're going to see me
catching I'm going to tell you the exact
spots nick is going to go over the data
he's going to tell you more spots then
all right here we go
venom I know you know about them the
odor from venom Dave Maurice himself one
of the most successful soft plastic
companies in Ohio for years dave is
gonna be there and he is going to give
you some tips and tactics to catch the
bigness oh yeah it's gonna be awesome
also I have lined up an awesome
tournament saugeye fisherman she is
gonna come in Miss Terry boy and she's
going to tell you about some awesome
saugeye fishing spots and strategies for
Central Ohio it's gonna be awesome but
wait there's more during the seminar
will be giving away some free t-shirts
we're going to raffle them away also i'm
working with chokes tires and shopes has
given me two coupons for free oil
changes i'll be rifling those away as
well the dvds that i show at the show
i'll be raffling those away but the big
prize i'm fishing with joe guided trip
with yours truly I'll be raffling that
away at the seminar so you'll have a
chance to win that trip and you can be
out there when it all happens I'll put
you in the boat right beside me and show
you exactly how to catch the big ones
also fishing with Joe spokesmodels will
be there as well so you can have your
picture taken with a spokesmodel and put
it up with your Facebook page alright so
there you go saturday march eight at
two-thirty p.m.
you got to be at R&R wait there's even
more could there possibly be more yes
there is more all right i'm working with
the atf group the addicted the fishing
group on facebook and they have decided
to put together a get together before
the Seminole so we'll be heading over to
dirty franks hot dogs and the 16-bit
wiring arcade so we will be playing
video games and we will be eating hot
dogs having a good time just chatting it
up about your favorite sport that's
fishing and then while we're there we're
going to have little contest where the
models are going to have a model hot
dog-eating showdown so that's going to
be at dirty frank's before the event 30
francs in the 16-bit bar before the
event so you gotta be there make a whole
day out of it admission to RR is free we
will also have free pizza during the
seminar you gotta be here you gotta be
here or you're not here going to be
squared you don't want to be squares you
want to be here so i will see you
saturday march eight at Arnhem oh yeah
you gotta love it
you